docs: Major updates around tooling and Nada language (#7)
NillionNetwork/nillion-docs: docs/nillion-devnet.md

> # nillion-devnet

Reviewer: Review this file, there are some references to cluster that should be changed to devnet

> The nillion-devnet tool creates a local cluster of Nillion nodes you can interact with while you keep the process running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nillion-devnet tool creates a nillion network devnet that you can interact with while you keep the process running.
```

> ### Run Local Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run Devnet
```

> ### Local cluster outputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Devnet outputs
```
